Brother Kobayashi is coming in 30 minutes
Now.
Far away
But it's urgent
I represent the company
Can you understand
I would have thought
With your courage
That's not going to happen in this generation.
Responsibility and concern are good things
But if it becomes a withdrawal axis
It's not going to happen.
past me
Really neglected a lot
And this time
Won't make the same mistake
This is the liquidated damages recovery contract I tore up
Your property
Real estate bank accounts will be seized
Pay me as liquidated damages
You can pay back the rest of your life slowly
Of course, I guess.
You can't afford it for the rest of your life